INTMDB-378: Add link for How To Guide for existing container ID (#883)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: website/docs/d/network_container.html.markdown

See detailed information for arguments and attributes: [MongoDB API Network Peering Container](https://docs.atlas.mongodb.com/reference/api/vpc-create-container/)

> -> **NOTE:** See How To Guide [howto](https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/blob/master/website/docs/guides/howto-guide.html.markdown) to get an existing container ID.

Reviewer: Same as above.  

```suggestion
  -> **NOTE:** If you need to get an existing container ID see the [How-To Guide](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/guides/howto-guide.html).
```
